Commit blueprint tx (#1380)
input-output-hk/hydra: docs/docs/getting-started/quickstart.md

## External commits

While the `hydra-node` holds funds to fuel protocol transactions, any wallet can be used to commit funds into an `initializing` Hydra head. The `hydra-node` provides an HTTP endpoint at `/commit`, which allows to specify either:

>  - UTxO (belonging to public key or script address) OR

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - a `UTxO` set of outputs to commit (belonging to public keys) or
```

If these UTxO would be owned by scripts, the commit would fail as all scripts require a redeemer and our default mkBlueprintTx from `UTxO` would not have a redeemer, right?

Author: yes, that's correct.

 - a _blueprint_ transaction together with the `UTxO` which resolves it.

>  and eventually returns a draft commit transaction.

Reviewer: Could: not call the returned thing a "draft"

As you say it's fully balanced and already signed by the node. Hence, it's not really a draft anymore and can be submitted directly or only needs 1-2 more signatures (depending on use case).

 This transaction is already balanced and all fees are paid by the funds held by the `hydra-node`. Hence, an integrated wallet would need to sign this transaction and submit it to the Cardano network. See the [api documentation](pathname:///api-reference/#operation-publish-/commit) for details.

 If the user wants to use some `UTxO` they own and commit it to a `Head` then they need to send the appropriate JSON representation of said `UTxO` to the `/commit` API endpoint.

>  Accepting a _blueprint_ transaction gives dApp builders and other users more flexibility since `hydra-node` only adds needed commit transaction data without removing any additional information specified in the _blueprint_ transaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Using a _blueprint_ transaction with `/commit` allows for more flexibility since `hydra-node` only adds needed commit transaction data without removing any additional information specified in the _blueprint_ transaction. For example, any present reference inputs, redeemers or validity ranges will be kept.
```

## External commits

While the `hydra-node` holds funds to fuel protocol transactions, any wallet can be used to commit funds into an `initializing` Hydra head. The `hydra-node` provides an HTTP endpoint at `/commit`, which allows to specify either:
 - multiple UTxO (belonging to public key or script address) (`SimpleCommitRequest`) OR
 - a _blueprint_ transaction together with the `UTxO` which resolves it (`FullCommitRequest`).

 and eventually returns a draft commit transaction.

 This transaction is already balanced and all fees are paid by the funds held by the `hydra-node`, but in case of `SimpleCommitRequest` is missing witnesses for the public key outputs to commit. Hence, an integrated wallet would need to sign this transaction and submit it to the Cardano network. See the [api documentation](pathname:///api-reference/#operation-publish-/commit) for details.

>  Accepting a _blueprint_ transaction gives `hydra-node` users more flexibility since `hydra-node` only adds needed commit transaction data without removing any additional information specified in the _blueprint_ transaction.

Reviewer: Should: document how to use this endpoint somewhere

This description is a bit thin and does not really explain what a "blueprint" transaction is and how it works.

In the feature description we mentioned:
> API reference and documentation is updated (explain how to use this with cardano-cli as an example)

So having a short how-to article on how to commit a script output using this `FullCommitRequest` mode is desirable e.g. a how-to that users can do after the tutorial - btw, does commit in the the tutorial still work?)
